# Challenge Fight

A mod that allows you to attempt extremely challenge battles, potentially gaining great rewards.

## What does this mod add?

This mod adds a couple challenge optional battles. These battles are extremely difficult, and should only be attempted by experienced players.

For example, one battle requires the player to fight both the Shroog and the Flead Queen at the same time.

These challenges can be attempted at any time you can talk to a working bartender at a tavern. That includes Fssh, Hebbel, Sweet Moreef, and the bartender at the Gutted Yote.

Any characters spawned during these challenges are isolated. They will not affect any existing characters in the main campaign, and will not appear in the main campaign.

Once you defeat a challenge, you will be awarded with decent amount of shills, and an item card from the base game. In the future, this might be changed so that custom cards are awarded to the player.

For more information, talk to one of the bartenders and ask about them.

## List of challenges

Currently, there are 10 challenges that the player can attempt.

* Four Clobbers: Defeat 4 Bogger Clobbers.
* Four Luminari: Defeat 4 Cult of Hesh Luminari.
* Mark of the Assassin: Defeat Zyn, Hanbi, and Threekwa.
* Monster Karen: Defeat the Shroog and the Flead Queen.
* Nadan's Vendetta: Defeat Nadan, a Spree Captain, a Spree Raider, and a Spree Thief.
* Nature's Uprising: Defeat 2 Grawkits and 2 Krills.
* Omni-Kashio: Defeat Kashio with all the artifacts. Not 3, not 5, **ALL** the available artifacts in the game. If you have mods that adds more artifacts, they will probably be added too.
* Unlikely Alliance: Defeat Fellemo, Kalandra, Arint, and Flekfis.
* Wrath of the Dynasty: Defeat Oolo, Foolo, and 2 Battle Oshnus.

## How to install?

With the official mod update, you can read about how to set up mods [here](https://forums.kleientertainment.com/forums/topic/116914-early-mod-support/).

1. Find `[user]/AppData/Roaming/Klei/Griftlands/` folder on your computer, or `[user]/AppData/Roaming/Klei/Griftlands_testing/` if you're on experimental. Find the folder with all the autogenerated files, log.txt, and `saves` directory. If you are on Steam, open the folder that starts with `steam-`. If you are on Epic, open the folder that contains only hexadecimal code.
2. Create a new folder called `mods` if you haven't already.
3. Clone this repository into that folder.
4. The `modinit.lua` file should be under `.../mods/[insert_repo_name_here]`.
5. Volia! Now the mod should work.